Additional Stargate Related Doc Updates #139 (#140)
k8ssandra/k8ssandra: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/_index.md

Alternatively, you may download the individual charts directly from the project's [releases](https://github.com/k8ssandra/k8ssandra/releases) page.

## Enabling Stargate

> Stargate deployment is *disabled* by default, to enable it, the values provided to the helm install/upgrade of the
> `k8ssandra-cluster` chart can be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stargate deployment is *disabled* by default. To enable it, modify the values provided to the helm install/upgrade of the
`k8ssandra-cluster` chart.
```

This can be done by adding to the values.yaml file provided to helm:

```
stargate:
  enabled: true

>   replicas: 1

Reviewer: `replicas` is set to 1 by default. I would omit this here; I don't think it's a good idea to encourage redundant configuration.

Author: Make sense.  Done.

```

or set via the command line when installing via helm:

```

> --set stargate.enabled=true --set stargate.replicas=1

Reviewer: remove `replicas` here as well

Author: Makes sense.  Done.
